hello it's Ruby and today I am going to
be showing you another study with me so
this almost during the Easter holidays
and right now I am just reading through
this essay by William Lane Craig which
is for my theology section of religious
studies and then I decided to go through
a Quizlet and this was just my key
quotes and context for The Winter's Tale
and the poems and I also went through
journey's end and I also went through a
long long way so then I decided to do
some general scene analysis from Jan use
and when the German boy comes in to the
dugout because it's a scene that I never
really explored in depth but I felt like
it was quite a valuable moment for
essays so I decided to just spend a good
hour just going through this and
thinking about White's significant part
of the play and how that's created and
it was very very useful I'm glad that I
did it so the next I decided to do a
religious studies essay plan which as
you know is one of my favorite ways to
revise for religious studies
[Music]
so then on the bottom of this I just
brainstormed different approaches to
sexual ethics from the four ethical
theories which we study so I just made a
table and just outlined the key points
that you would maybe talk about in an
essay
[Music]
and their next I decided to do a
chemistry paper and I believe that this
was a unit for one from the oldest back
we don't have any new ones really
because with the second year doing the
course and so I'm really just going
through other specifications and old
papers
[Music]
and their next I decided to just do some
amino acids revision for kids amino
acids is one of my least favorite parts
of the chemistry course I've got to
admit I find it really tricky to do so
that's what I was doing just there and
Here I am just doing some revision for
proton NMR so I was just going through
some questions
[Music]
and then I done some chemistry questions
the day before so I just decided to go
through these and mark them
[Music]
so then I just decided to read through
this essay plan and I actually got up
and did some structures as well because
my back was hurting a little bit so I
did a revision recording of me reading
through this essay plan so that I could
basically just listen back to it when I
was traveling or when I did I wasn't
able to do active revision or I didn't
have access to my notes I might only
have my phone so then next I decided to
just do some active recall or blurting
of amsuman Swinburne for the nature of
God on god's temporality and so that's
what I was just doing here seeing how
much I could remember both at the topics
and then after having done that I
decided to do a timed paragraph on this
this is quite a specific thing to focus
on I know but it's something I realized
I wasn't really including my assays and
so I just wanted to go over it to make
sure that I would include it more
[Music]
so then I decided to take a break from
actual revision and read through
philosophy now which my dad had pick me
up on his way home from work the day
before so this month's edition was on
heeded her or Heidegger I'm not really
sure how you pronounce that please let
me know in the comments if I'm
pronouncing it wrong so I just went
through some articles and highlighted
them and then just made some brief
comments and actually it was so
interesting because there was a direct
comparison to Descartes swap and how the
two are incompatible and I found that
quite interesting because I didn't
actually agree with it so I was
encouraging for myself to think which is
why I was putting these little critical
points on post-it notes so that I was
actually engaging with the articles and
then I just took some washi tape and
just made a note of the Articles that I
really wanted to read because not all of
them without interesting for me but a
lot of them were
[Music]
you
and then I just read through this
article as well which was on the Italia
logical argument and it was very amusing
it was a discussion between two
professors so that's all of the studying
that I managed to do today do you
remember that I don't do 12 or 15 hours
every day some days I will do this much
revision it really just depends so thank
you so much for watching and have a
productive week